Briefly. the map is formed for a multiplayer defense. the teams would go like this:

Equip 1:
1 Imperial guard. Takes the defense of the right wall fortress (looking to the battlefield).
2 Imperial guard. Takes the defense of the left wall fortress.
3 Space Marines. Defending the right door and the right part of the central bastion.
4 Space Marines. defending the left door and the left part of the central bastion.

Equip 2:
5 6 Tyranids. Atacking right door.
7 8 Tyranids. Atacking left door.

The fortress is divided in 3 main defense walls. if thefirst one goes down, you can retreat to the second wall (having problems opening the doors for the troops, i allways have scar errors trying to set it working, i would apreciate some help with the Scar specialists). if the second wall falls, you are screwed for good, but you can try to survive in the last 2 Bastions, but mainly you are screwed.

If you want to play this map as Tyranids, you are going to have fun. remember to concentrate your atacks in the layers of doors as much as you can, speed in taking them down is the key to the succes.

he thunderhawks will transport the teams from one defensive wall to other if necesary, tho they are destructible, so one of the main objectives of the nids will be to destroy them, to aboid counteratacks. The coding of this transport is in progress, researching myself as i can, and asking for help wherever i can :P each player has his own thunderhawk to defend. and that will grant him freedom of movement.

in the image you can see the distribution of the defense walls and the way to defend it. the center area of the map after the 1st wall is now a proper battlefield, the suburbs of Herebus, with covers, so it will be easier to defend it. working on the next days in the next area, the barracks of the ward, that will be a good battlefield too. the last bastion will be the 2 main spaceports, with the last 2 thunderhawks.
this scenario is desgned for the Tyranids Mod, but can be used in any modality of Dark Crusade.

to install extract the files into: c:\program files\THQ\dawn of war - dark crusade\dxp2\data\scenarios\mp



Special Thanks to Dark40k, Dimand, Finaldeath, and the rest off the SCAR monsters for their help.

have fun :)